API: https://client.vpn.nuist.edu.cn/https/webvpn893ff9021738b0357186c0f23fc2aed6e24ca283e886022bc5d861ea12f03963/v1/problem/logic?prefix=P&logicId=1773&enlink-vpn

#### 题目描述

The girl on the hill made Mark think of Edna St. Vincent Millay. Perhaps it was because of the way she was standing there in the afternoon sun, her dandelion-hued hair dancing in the wind; perhaps it was because of the way her old-fashioned white dress was swirling around her long and slender legs. In any event, he got the definite impression that she had somehow stepped out of the past and into the present; and that was odd, because as things turned out, it wasn't the past she had stepped out of, but the future.

Her eyes were blue, Mark saw when he came up to her, as blue as the sky that framed her slender silhouette. Her face was oval and young and soft and sweet. It evoked a deja vu so poignant that he had to resist an impulse to reach out and touch her wind-kissed cheek; and even though his hand did not leave his side, he felt his fingertips tingle.

"Are you enjoying the view?", Mark said.

"Oh, yes. Isn't it simply marvelous!", Julie said.

"Are you from the city too?", Mark asked.

"In a way I am," Julie said. She smiled at him. "I'm from the Cove City of two hundred and forty years from now."

The smile told him that she didn't really expect him to believe her, but it implied that it would be nice if he would pretend. He smiled back.

"I suppose you traveled here by time machine." Mark said.

"Yes. My father invented one."

He looked at her closely. He had never seen such a guileless countenance. "And do you come here often?"

"Oh, yes. This is my favorite space-time coordinate. I stand here for hours sometimes and look and look and look. Day before yesterday I saw a rabbit, and yesterday a deer, and today, you."

—— Extract from Robert Franklin Young 《The Dandelion Girl》


**In the story**, Julie traveled here by time machine. Now given the date when Julie **arrived** here and what she saw today, according to "Day before yesterday I saw a rabbit, and yesterday a deer, and today, you.", can you tell Julie when she will meet Mark next time?

In addition, **leap year** is a calendar year that contains an additional day. Each leap year has 366 days instead of 365, by extending February to 29 days rather than the common 28. These extra days occur in each year which is an integer multiple of 4 (except for years evenly divisible by 100, but not by 400). 

#### 输入描述

The first line contains three integers $y, m, d \ (2000 \le y \le 2299, 1 \le m \le 12, 1 \le d \le 31)$ denoting the date when Julie arrived here.

The second line contains a string $s$，$s$ equals to $Rabbit$ or $Deer$ or $Mark$, denoting the thing Julie saw when Julie arrived.

It is guaranteed that the date is legal.

#### 输出描述

Output one line containing three integers $y, m, d$, denoting the **next** date $Julie$ will meet $Mark$.

#### 样例输入 1
```
2000 2 28
Mark
```
#### 样例输出 1
```
2000 3 2
```
#### 样例输入 2
```
2000 12 31
Deer
```
#### 样例输出 2
```
2001 1 1
```

