API: https://client.vpn.nuist.edu.cn/https/webvpn893ff9021738b0357186c0f23fc2aed6e24ca283e886022bc5d861ea12f03963/v1/problem/logic?prefix=b&logicId=2644&enlink-vpn

#### 题目描述

New labyrinth attraction is open in New Lostland amusement park. The labyrinth consists of _n_ rooms connected by _m_ passages. Each passage is colored into some color _ci_. Visitors of the labyrinth are dropped from the helicopter to the room number 1 and their goal is to get to the labyrinth exit located in the room number _n_.  
  
Labyrinth owners are planning to run a contest tomorrow. Several runners will be dropped to the room number 1. They will run to the room number _n_ writing down colors of passages as they run through them. The contestant with the shortest sequence of colors is the winner of the contest. If there are several contestants with the same sequence length, the one with the _ideal path_ is the winner. The path is the ideal path if its color sequence is the lexicographically smallest among shortest paths.  
  
Andrew is preparing for the contest. He took a helicopter tour above New Lostland and made a picture of the labyrinth. Your task is to help him find the ideal path from the room number 1 to the room number _n_ that would allow him to win the contest.  
  
**Note**  
  
A sequence (_a1_, _a2_, . . . , _ak_) is lexicographically smaller than a sequence (_b1_, _b2_, . . . , _bk_) if there exists i such that _ai_ < _bi_, and _aj_ = _bj_ for all _j_ < _i_.

1.  给定无向图（有重边）每条边有一种颜色，边权为1，让你找到从1到n的最短路，并且 
2.  经过的边的颜色组成的序列的字典序最小。 

---

#### 输入格式

The first line of the input file contains integers _n_ and _m_ —the number of rooms and passages, respectively (2 <= _n_ <= 100 000, 1 <= _m_ <= 200 000). The following _m_ lines describe passages, each passage is described with three integer numbers: _ai_, _bi_, and _ci_ — the numbers of rooms it connects and its color (1 <= _ai_, _bi_ <= n, 1 <= _ci_ <= 109). Each passage can be passed in either direction. Two rooms can be connected with more than one passage, there can be a passage from a room to itself. It is guaranteed that it is possible to reach the room number _n_ from the room number 1.

---

#### 输出格式

The first line of the output file must contain _k_ — the length of the shortest path from the room number 1 to the room number _n_. The second line must contain _k_ numbers — the colors of passages in the order they must be passed in the ideal path.

---

#### 样例输入
```
4 6
1 2 1
1 3 2
3 4 3
2 3 1
2 4 4
3 1 1

```

---

#### 样例输出
```
2
1 3

```

---

#### 提示

没有写明提示

---

#### 题目来源

没有写明来源