API: https://client.vpn.nuist.edu.cn/https/webvpn893ff9021738b0357186c0f23fc2aed6e24ca283e886022bc5d861ea12f03963/v1/problem/logic?prefix=b&logicId=3476&enlink-vpn

#### 题目描述

 It's a hot summer day, and Bessie the cow is feeling quite lazy. She wants to locate herself at a position in her field so that she can reach as much delicious grass as possible within only a short distance. There are N patches of grass (1 <= N <= 100,000) in Bessie's field. The ith such patch contains g\_i units of grass (1 <= g\_i <= 10,000) and is located at a distinct point (x\_i, y\_i) in the field (0 <= x\_i, y\_i <= 1,000,000). Bessie would like to choose a point in the field as her initial location (possibly the same point as a patch of grass, and possibly even a point with non-integer coordinates) so that a maximum amount of grass is within a distance of K steps from this location (1 <= K <= 2,000,000). When Bessie takes a step, she moves 1 unit north, south, east, or west of her current position. For example, to move from (0,0) to (3,2), this requires 5 total steps. Bessie does not need to take integer-sized steps -- for example, 1 total step could be divided up as half a unit north and half a unit east. Please help Bessie determine the maximum amount of grass she can reach, if she chooses the best possible initial location.

在二维平面有N个点。每个点都有个权值。

现在希望你选择某个点，如果其它点到这个点的距离不超过K。

则牛就可以吃到这个点的东西。

现在希望吃到的东西的权值越大越好。请求出这个值来。

---

#### 输入格式

\* Line 1: The integers N and K.

 \* Lines 2..1+N: Line i+1 describes the ith patch of grass using 3 integers: g\_i, x\_i, y\_i.

---

#### 输出格式

\* Line 1: The maximum amount of grass Bessie can reach within K steps, if she locates herself at the best possible initial position. 

---

#### 样例输入
```
4 3
7 8 6
3 0 0
4 6 0
1 4 2

 INPUT DETAILS: Bessie is willing to take at most 3 steps from her initial position. There are 4 patches of grass. The first contains 7 units of grass and is located at position (8,6), and so on.
```

---

#### 样例输出
```
 8 

OUTPUT DETAILS: By locating herself at (3,0), the grass at positions (0,0), (6,0), and (4,2) is all within K units of distance.

可以选择(3,0)这个点，这样可以吃到 (0,0), (6,0), and (4,2)这三个点的东西，其总和为8
```

---

#### 提示

没有写明提示

---

#### 题目来源

Gold