API: https://client.vpn.nuist.edu.cn/https/webvpn893ff9021738b0357186c0f23fc2aed6e24ca283e886022bc5d861ea12f03963/v1/problem/logic?prefix=b&logicId=4578&enlink-vpn

#### 题目描述

Farmer John's N cows (3≤N≤50,000) are all located at distinct positions in his two-dimensional fie

ld. FJ wants to enclose all of the cows with a rectangular fence whose sides are parallel to the x a

nd y axes, and he wants this fence to be as small as possible so that it contains everycow (cows on 

the boundary are allowed).FJ is unfortunately on a tight budget due to low milk production last quar

ter. He would therefore like to enclose a smaller area to reduce maintenance costs, and the only way

 he can see to do this is by building two enclosures instead of one. Please help him compute how muc

h less area he needs to enclose, in total, by using two enclosures instead of one. Like the original

 enclosure, the two enclosures must collectively contain all the cows (with cows on boundaries allow

ed), and they must have sides parallel to the x and y axes. The two enclosures are notallowed to ove

rlap -- not even on their boundaries. Note that enclosures of zero area are legal, for example if an

 enclosure has zero width and/or zero height.

---

#### 输入格式

The first line of input contains N. The nextNN lines each contain two integers specifying the location of a cow. Cow locations are positive integers in the range 1…1,000,000,000

---

#### 输出格式

Write a single integer specifying amount of total area FJ can save by using two enclosures instead o

f one.

---

#### 样例输入
```
6
4 2
8 10
1 1
9 12
14 7
2 3
```

---

#### 样例输出
```
107
```

---

#### 提示

没有写明提示

---

#### 题目来源

Gold